Hatheg Kla.
Dreaming of Atlantean Spires.
Spellcraft & Moonfire (Beyond the Citadel of Frosts).
A Black Moon Broods Over Lemuria.
Enthroned in the Temple of the Serpent Kings.
Shadows 'Neath the Black Pyramid.
Witch-Storm.
The Ravening.
Into the Silent Chambers of the Sapphirean Throne (Sagas from the Antediluvian Scrolls).
Valley of Silent Paths.
Black Dragons Soar Above the Mountain of Shadows (Prologue).
To Dethrone the Witch-Queen of Mytos K'unn (The Legend of the Battle of Blackhelm Vale).
As the Vortex Illumines the Crystalline Walls of Kor-Avul-Thaa.
Starfire Burning Upon the Ice-Veiled Throne of Ultima Thule.
Journey to the Isle of Mists (Over the Moonless Depths of Night-Dark Seas).
The Splendour of a Thousand Swords Gleaming Beneath the Blazon of the Hyperborean Empire.
And Lo, When the Imperium Marches Against Gul-Kothoth, Then Dark Sorceries Shall Enshroud the Citadel of the Obsidian Crown (Episode: VIII).
Summoning the Guardians of the Astral Gate.
In the Raven-Haunted Forests of Darkenhold, Where Shadows Reign and the Hues of Sunlight Never Dance.
At the Altar of the Dreaming Gods (Epilogue).
Battle Magic.
Naked Steel (The Warrior's Saga).
A Tale from the Deep Woods.
Return to the Praesidium of Ys.
Crystal Shards.
The Dark Liege of Chaos Is Unleashed at the Ensorcelled Shrine of A'zura-Kai (The Splendour of a Thousand Swords Gleaming Beneath the Blazon of the Hyperborean Empire, Part II).
When Rides the Scion of the Storms.
Blood Slakes the Sand at the Circus Maximus.
Thwarted by the Dark (Blade of the Vampyre Hunter).
And Atlantis Falls....
The Awakening of the Stars.
The Voyagers Beneath the Mare Imbrium.
The Empyreal Lexicon.
Of Carnage and a Gathering of the Wolves.
Callisto Rising.
The Scourge of the Fourth Celestial Host.
Behold, the Armies of War Descend Screaming from the Heavens!.
The Thirteen Cryptical Prophecies of Mu.
The Epsilon Exordium.
Atlantis Ascendant.
Draconis Albionensis.
Star-Maps of the Ancient Cosmographers.
The Ghosts of Angkor Wat.
The Splendour of a Thousand Swords Gleaming Beneath the Blazon of the Hyperborean Empire, Part III.
The Dreamer in the Catacombs of Ur.
In Search of the Lost Cities of Antarctica.
The Chronicle of Shadows.
Six Keys to the Onyx Pyramid.
Dreaming of the Atlantean Spires: Alpha.
By the Blaze of the Fire Jewels: Zero.
The Sixth Adulation of His Chthonic Majesty.
Invocations Beyond the Outer-World Night.
Six Score and Ten Oblations to a Malefic Avatar.
The Obsidian Crown Unbound.
The Fallen Kingdoms of the Abyssal Plain.
Shackled to the Trilithon of Kutulu.
The Hammer of the Emperor.
Unfettering the Hoary Sentinels of Karnak.
To Storm the Cyclopean Gates of Byzantium.
Arcana Antediluvia.
Beneath the Crimson Vaults of Cydonia.
Return to Hatheg-Kla.
